fix(curriculum): typos, missing words, phrases, and punctuation (#62417)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-the-var-keyword-and-hoisting/67335f45489c5a11b71d0ed5.md

These declarations are hoisted but they are not initialized and you can't access them before the actual declaration in your code. This is often referred to as the temporal dead zone.

> Understanding hoisting can help you write cleaner, more predictable code. However, relying on hoisting can make your code harder to read and maintain. As a best practice, it's recommended to declare your variables at the top of their scope and your functions before you use them regardless of hoisting. This make your code's behavior more explicit and easier for other people including your future self to understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding hoisting can help you write cleaner, more predictable code. However, relying on hoisting can make your code harder to read and maintain. As a best practice, it's recommended to declare your variables at the top of their scope and your functions before you use them regardless of hoisting. This make your code's behavior more explicit and easier for others including your future self to understand.
```
